1. Remember to test all URLs in the document.

2. Find a place to explain FSC and why we created the acronym: add to
subsection 2.1.

3. Google for proper formatting of page numbered citations.

4. Put a note into the open-source values section about the importance of
maintaining a system (not just building it once).

5. Find a place to explain the 1997 start date for our work.

6. Idea for introducing the addressability section: explain the motivations for
making stuff addressable, ie, affording intelligent reuse (and everything
else).

7. motivations for the system: we asked ourselves what underlying reality there
could possibly be to the act of composition and, through trial and error, we
settled on the graphic elements of notation: note heads, accidentals, tuplet
brackets, trill spanners and so on. we didn't do this because of any type of
myopia that compelled us to focus on only the notational trees at the expense
of (music-structural) forest: instead we chose to extend an extremely widely
used programming language with the basic elements of notation precisely so that
composers everywhere could define absolutely idiomatic elements of intermediate
musical structure for themselves. we did this in part because the traditional
elements of intermediate musical structure (phrases, measures and so on)
constitute only a vanishingly small part of the inventory of different
structures we compose into our music. and our determination was that the design
priorities of none of the music software systems of the preceding decades were
established to allow composers infinitely to reconfigure relationships at the
intermediate level of musical structure: the software systems of the previous
decades were designed either to allow analysts to ferret out familiar musical
structures (phrases, again, and also harmonic progressions, known sequences of
ornaments, familiar beginnings and endings of sections) in existing works or,
later (with the advent of the commercial notation packages) to allow composers
to enter page upon page of notes essentialy no way to logically define
important relationships between infinite variety of graphic elements on the
page. [footnote the "mirror" function that used to be available in either
finale or sibelius or both] simply put, neither the music analysis systems of
the past nor the music notation systems of the present have been designed
according to the twin priorities with which we have designed, and continue to
design, abjad: first, that composers should be allowed to establish first-class
relationships between any collection of symbols anywhere in the score and,
second, that abstract relations composers dream up during the act of
composition should be viewable as publication-quality music notation (rather
than as any other type of impoverished representation of music as numbers,
sound wave profiles, or so on).